<h3><b>Build Process</b></h3><h2><b>Understanding the Difference:</b></h2><p>Initially, I discovered the important distinction between SXM2 and SXMV. Although <a href="https://ebay.us/uAJWME">eBay lists V100 GPUs as SXM2</a>, they actually require an SXMV board. Conversely, <a href="https://ebay.us/BoL1N8">P100 GPUs are compatible with SXM2</a> boards. In other words, you cannot use a V100 GPU on an AOM-SXM2 board, nor can you use a P100 GPU on an AOM-SXMV board.</p><p><b>Exploring Options:</b></p><p>I noticed V100 16GB GPUs on eBay for about $180 each. Initially, I considered <a href="https://ebay.us/oDu2mq">SXM2 to PCIe adapters</a>, but at $500, it didn’t make sense to spend $680 on a V100 GPU when I could get a standard GPU from BestBuy for a similar price.</p><p>Then, I came across a person on Reddit/Fiverr selling the adapter, but something seemed a little off, so I decided not to pursue that option. I also checked Facebook Marketplace and found a listing in Chicago for a V100 32GB SXM2 with a PCIe adapter for $2000, which I passed on. Additionally, there was a company near San Francisco selling individual V100 SXMV 32GB GPUs for $1300 each. Again, no thanks.</p><p><b>Considering Alternatives:</b></p><p>I looked into a Dell PowerEdge C4140/C4130 build, but the Dell SXM board alone was $999, not to mention the additional costs for RAM, CPU, etc. Then, I explored <a href="https://ebay.us/pyAbor">Gigabyte T181-G20</a> servers, but they require a substantial rail to power the server, making it impractical.</p><p><b>Final Decision:</b></p><p>Based on recommendations from Serve The Home, I decided to import an AOM-SMXV board and an AOM-SMXV-PIO to PCIe Adapter Cable using Superbuy, a Chinese eBay broker.</p><p><b>Using Superbuy:</b></p><p>Superbuy helps you purchase items from Taobao (Chinese eBay) and ships them to their warehouse in China. They then unbox, photograph, and store the items until you're ready to ship them to your destination.</p><p><b>Placing the Order:</b></p><p>I provided Superbuy with links to the AOM-SXMV board and cable, paid for the order, and was assigned a purchasing agent to coordinate the process. The agent ensured the seller’s price and shipping costs were accurate. If there were any discrepancies, the agent contacted me for adjustments. (Be prepared to have a few late nights to make sure everything goes smoothly) <b>NOTE</b>: Contact the Taobao seller first to confirm they respond and ship within a reasonable timeframe.</p><p><b>Shipping Coordination: </b></p><p>After the items arrived at Superbuy’s warehouse, I requested them to be shipped together along with padding. I chose UPS HK 5500 as the shipping method, which required the items to be sent to Hong Kong first. The process took four days: three days to Hong Kong and one day for final delivery to the USA.</p><p>When I received confirmation that my order had shipped, I used eBay/amazon to place an order for the <a href="https://amzn.to/42e4x8S">4xV100 SXM2</a>, 4x heatsinks, 4x AOM-SXMV power cable adapters, and <a href="https://amzn.to/4g36xUH">thermal paste</a>.</p><p><b>Build:</b></p><p>Next, it was time to put everything together. I have a 1U S1600JP Server with 12 cores and <a href="https://amzn.to/40EWbpu">128GB of memory</a>.</p><p>First, I installed all four SXM2 GPUs on the board using a regular screwdriver—no need for a <a href="https://amzn.to/4jnKWsN">specialized tool</a>. Then, I connected the AOM-SXMV to SXM2 data cables to my PCIe risers and connected the power supply to the AOM-SXMV power cable adapters.</p><p>I encountered an issue with the heatsinks not fitting without modifications, so I had to cut them to size. After making the necessary adjustments, I successfully installed all four heatsinks.</p><p>Upon powering everything on, the initial boot showed two groups of four LEDs flashing yellow on the AOM-SXMV board. After a moment, the 3 and 7 LEDs turned off, leaving the 5, 4, 2, and 9, 8, 6 LEDs solid yellow.</p><p><b>Super Computer Projects:</b></p><p>The first project I completed was Google Glass Open Assistant. Here I use a pair of Google Glass Enterprise Edition 2 and a Large Vision Model for a Heads Up Display to help explain the world around me. Read more here: <a href="https://dredyson.com/googleglass-open-assistant/">Click Here</a></p><p>Next</p>
